MVC is a design that lets you build flexible applications that scale.
Spring Boot Web applications follow the model view controller design.
So in this lesson you will understand the model of you controller design.
The view is what the user sees.
When a user makes a request, the server sends back HTML.
That HTML populates the user's web page.
This is the view.
The model is data needed by the view.
The view is a skeleton.
The view needs data to become meaningful, and the data that populates the grade table in this case
is the model.
The controller essentially glues the model and view together.
It manages the model and presents the view.
The model represents the data.
The view represents the visual elements of a web page.
And the controller allows them to interact.
It takes the data and it sends it to the view.
So to paint a full picture, the controller handles every Web request.
When a user makes a request, the controller maps the request to a handler method.
The handler method in this case called get grades, fetches data.
It stores the data inside the model.
The View is a template that represents the visual element of a web page alone.
The view is meaningless, so the controller sends the model to the view.
The model populates the view with meaningful data.
And finally, the handler method returns the updated view.
So to recap, spring boot applications follow the model of controller design.
The view is what the user sees.
The muddle is data needed by the view.
And the controller responds to requests by managing the model and presenting the view.